the first automesse of the year in europe
is the ideal opportunity around
world premieres in scene accordingly
put
Audi has some to go to the car salon in
geneva brought
he starts it once he is now
the smallest model of ingolstädter
thanks to 231 ps from the two-liter turbo
should the top model of the a1 series potent
Be enough to bring new customers to the brand
The four wrestling also get one
world premiere is the appearance of the s3
convertible quattro drive 300 ps power
in every situation and when needed until
to 250 km h fast
that is probably the most sensuous kind of
convertible drive in the top model of the a3
be convertibles
the next world premiere on the audi
stand is the third generation of the tt
the sport coupe has always been one
trendsetter and will remain so
This time is the real one
There is revolution in the cockpit to find
only a single display
This is behind the steering wheel
positioned on it will show all
and instruments virtually faded in
but that's not all, of course
the audi engineers have a lot of heart blood
invested in the latest edition of the tt
Advance through technology will be in all
our roi vehicles of course
this is our idiom that is
our vision
That's what we mean by that
the vehicles are always full with
technology and are always the technologies
somewhere over the
have competition and that in
Emotional driving fun and attractiveness
realize
at tt so that et is in the vehicle
actually a very strange vehicle
that means the design must be recognizable
his
the proportions must be kept
But the whole technique is complete
new to the vehicle but the customer
relevant to the customer is good
can handle
with whom his will have fun and that
is more important when driving when driving
have fun on the basis of the new tt
would be possible shows this study called
tt quattro sport concept 420 hp and one
appropriate optics are likely to be in the
tt fans worry about damp hands
who knows audi will already guess that
the upcoming top model tt rs guaranteed
Some details of this study will inherit